Added Ml Intro Lesson (#57)
Code-the-Dream-School/python-200: lessons/02_ML_intro/01_ML_Intro.md

If you’re building software that would benefit from predictions, personalization, or automation, ML becomes a practical tool in your toolbox - not just a research topic. Throughout this course we’ll build intuition first, then show how to turn those ideas into working models you can use in real projects.

Watch:
To get an overview of what Machine Learning is and how it works, watch this short and engaging video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QghjaS0WQQU

💭 **Check for Understanding**

**Question:**  
Which of the following best describes Machine Learning?

A. A process where computers are manually programmed for every possible situation.  
B. A method where computers learn from examples or data to make predictions.  
C. A database used to store information.  
D. A programming language used to build software.

<details> <summary>Show Answer</summary>
✅ Answer: B
</details>

## Where Machine Learning Fits in the World of AI

Before we define Machine Learning precisely, let’s zoom out and understand where it fits within the broader world of **Artificial Intelligence**.

> You’ve probably heard the terms **Artificial Intelligence (AI)**, **Machine Learning (ML)**, and **Deep Learning (DL)** used interchangeably - but they actually represent different layers of the same concept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ve probably heard the terms **Artificial Intelligence (AI)**, **Machine Learning (ML)**, and **Deep Learning (DL)** used interchangeably - but they actually represent different levels in a hierarchy of concepts: DL is a subset of ML, and ML is a subset of AI."
```
